{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\vieww18940\viewh15340\viewkind1\viewscale150
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Letter of Information for Implied Consent\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs22 \cf0 \
Extending ARIS for Greater Collaborative Potential\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 You are invited to participate in a study entitled \'93Extending ARIS for Greater Collaborative Potential\'94 that is being conducted by Bernadette Perry, Steven Bjornson,
\fs24  
\fs22 Khoipham Ca, Peter Lebo, and Kaileen Mcculloch.\
\
Bernadette Perry is a PhD student in the department of Computer Science and French at the University of Victoria and you may contact her if you have further questions by email at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:bernadet@uvic.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 bernadet@uvic.ca}}  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\b\fs22 \cf0 Purpose and Objectives\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 The purpose of this research project is the development and implementation of collaborative game elements for the ARIS platform. Our research objective is to investigate the integration of Twitter into the ARIS platform in order to add dynamic communication and therefore benefit the user experience through extended interactivity.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Importance of this Research\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Research of this type is important because effective collaborative learning is central to pedagogy. Our planned implementation is either integration with Twitter or create a chat room function for the game. We firmly believe that by having these services, user experience of ARIS will improve. By implementing the proposed solution(s), we aim to enhance user experience by allowing user-to-user communication directly in the application. The ARIS community includes a range of users, many of which are using it for educational purposes, and our aim is to facilitate another means for these developers to incorporate collaborative game elements into their systems.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Participants Selection\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 You are being asked to participate in this study because you have expressed interest in play-testing our UVic Tour augmented reality game. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
What is involved\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 If you consent to voluntarily participate in this research, your participation will include an online questionnaire that should take about 5 to 10 minutes to complete. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Inconvenience\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Participation in this study may cause some inconvenience to you, including a loss of time.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Risks\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 There are no known or anticipated risks to you by participating in this research. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Benefits\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 The potential benefits of your participation in this research include to participants (the ARIS community), and to the state of knowledge.  
\f0\i\fs20 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\b\fs22 \cf0 \
Voluntary Participation\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Your participation in this research must be completely voluntary. If you do decide to participate, you may withdraw at any time without any consequences or any explanation. If you do withdraw from the study you can contact the lead researcher to have your data removed if you so choose. 
\f0\i\fs20 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\b\fs22 \cf0 \
Anonymity\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 In terms of protecting your anonymity, this questionnaire is completely anonymous. We will follow up with a play-testing session of our Uric Tour game, as well as a post-questionnaire. Any participants interested may also volunteer for a brief 15-20 minutes focus group. All names from the focus group will be changed to pseudonyms to protect your anonymity (should you choose to participate). \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Confidentiality\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Password-protected files on password-protected computers will protect your confidentiality and the confidentiality of the data.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Dissemination of Results\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 It is anticipated that the results of this study will be shared with others in the following ways, a class presentation, presentations at scholarly meetings, and potentially a published article. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Disposal of Data\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Data from this study will be disposed of December 30, 2015 and all electronic data will be erased. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Contacts\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Individuals that may be contacted regarding this study include Bernadette Perry at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:bernadet@uvic.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 bernadet@uvic.ca}} In addition, you may verify the ethical approval of this study, or raise any concerns you might have, by contacting the Human Research Ethics Office at the University of Victoria (250-472-4545 or ethics@uvic.ca).\
By completing and submitting the questionnaire, 
\f0\b YOUR FREE AND INFORMED CONSENT IS IMPLIED 
\f1\b0 and indicates that you understand the above conditions of participation in this study and that you have had the opportunity to have your questions answered by the researchers.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b \cf0 Please retain a copy of this letter for your reference.
\f1\i0\b0\fs20 \
}